#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   jsonschema
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
coverage[toml]==6.4.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
cryptography==37.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
damm32==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django==3.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-rest-registration
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
django-autoslug==1.9.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cors-headers==3.13.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-filter==22.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-rest-registration==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-stubs[compatible-mypy]==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-stubs-ext==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-stubs
django-treebeard==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-registration
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
drf-spectacular==0.22.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
drf-typed==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   flake8-builtins
    #   flake8-comprehensions
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   flake8-isort
    #   flake8-mutable
flake8-bugbear==22.7.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-builtins==1.5.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-comprehensions==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-debugger==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-isort==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-mutable==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-todo==0.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8-isort
jsonschema==4.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mypy==0.961
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   django-stubs
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via mypy
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   flake8-todo
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via flake8
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
testfixtures==6.18.5
    # via flake8-isort
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   django-stubs
    #   mypy
types-pytz==2022.1.1
    # via django-stubs
types-pyyaml==6.0.9
    # via django-stubs
types-setuptools==57.4.18
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   mypy
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
